Creating a database without specifying topology (#565)
neo4j/docs-cypher: modules/ROOT/pages/administration/databases.adoc

Composite databases are always available on all servers.
====

[NOTE]
====

> If `TOPOLOGY` is not specified, the database is created according to `initial.dbms.default_primaries_count` and `initial.dbms.default_secondaries_count` specified in `neo4j.conf`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `TOPOLOGY` is not specified, the database is created according to `initial.dbms.default_primaries_count` and `initial.dbms.default_secondaries_count` specified in _neo4j.conf_.
```

> After cluster startup these values can be overwritten by using the 'dbms.setDefaultAllocationNumbers' procedure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After cluster startup, these values can be overwritten using the `dbms.setDefaultAllocationNumbers` procedure.
```
